Miss Song Song
Since it's you
But why?
You're going to sell the engagement ring that Kam Shang gave you
It's because I've been a shopping guide for so long
It's the first time I've seen my fiancée having a baby
To sell the engagement ring
What's more, this is a global limited edition customized by Kam Shang
It's so poor and blind
How are you going to explain
Explained he sells rings I don't want to hear from you
How do you explain that?
Didn't the daughter say
The hero of this play
Have you always regarded your daughter as a white moonlight?
But
Why does this southern scenery keep ignoring me?
Who asked you to save my friend?
I will do this alone and help each other.
Nanfeng, you scum
It's okay for the villain to report first
See how I treat you
actually
You don't know it's true